Replaced duplicate v2.3 file with symlink and cleaned services topics (#5542)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/cloud/project/project-conf-files_services-rabbit.md

The MQF uses [RabbitMQ](http://www.rabbitmq.com) as the messaging broker, which provides a scalable platform for sending and receiving messages. It also includes a mechanism for storing undelivered messages. RabbitMQ is based on the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP) 0.9.1 specification.

{:.bs-callout .bs-callout-warning}
If you prefer using an existing AMQP-based service, like RabbitMQ, instead of relying on {{site.data.var.ece}} to create it for you, use the [`QUEUE_CONFIGURATION`]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/env/variables-deploy.html#queue_configuration) environment variable to connect it to your site.

{% include cloud/service-config-integration-starter.md %}

{:.procedure}
To enable RabbitMQ:

> 1. Add the required name, type, and version to the `.magento/services.yaml` file along with the the installed RabbitMQ version and allocated disk space in MB:

Reviewer: Technically, version is not a service value as defined in the main services topic. It is more a value of a value.

```suggestion
1. Add the required name, type, and disk value (in MB) to the `.magento/services.yaml` file along with the the installed RabbitMQ version.
```
